How does the work that we'll
be doing for this course
breakdown? Start with the stuff
that you will be assessed on.
There is a 2 hour exam in
summer 2021. (Now if you're
worried about whether that will happen,
I'm sure we'll find
some alternative form of
assessment if it comes to
it.)
In the two hour exam you will be
given a choice of six questions
and you'll select two to write
about. I hate surprises, so
those six questions are going to
be essentially the questions
that I've just been talking
about earlier in this lecture,
and that the whole lectures
are based on. So you already know
roughly what those questions
are. They're just going to be
variants of the questions that
were investigating on the
course. Same thing with the take
home exam. One weekend late
in November you'll be given a
choice of, I think, 6 questions.
You'll be asked to write answers to
3 questions, and those questions
once again will be variants of
the six questions that were
investigating on the course.
No surprises.
But the assessed work is not
the main work that
you're doing for the course. The
main part of the course work is
actually the formative work.
This is chiefly those weekly
writing tasks on yyrama, 500
words of writing or rewriting, and,
very importantly, a peer review.
Don't neglect those peer
reviews. This is the chance
to develop your philosophical
skills as the course progresses.
And on top of that, there are
these in-lecture micro tasks
that you're doing on zoxiy.
In the rest of the lecture.
I'll tell you some of the
practicalities about using
yyrama for the seminar tasks
and zoxiy for the in lecture
microtasks. I should say that in
addition to these, of course
you're very likely as a working
philosopher to be doing plenty
of writing, note taking, and
other activities around the
course, but that isn't
officially part of the course.
These are the four components of
the work that you will be doing
for the course officially.